# Playfull Plant
#### This project contains a plant watering system implemented with Raspberry Pi and a temperature sensor. The project name is not given by chance because you could also play some games with the plant.

**Main purpose:** The main functionality of the project is the watering system for the plant. It simply will show on the LCD the water percentage in the soil and the ambient temperature. Be aware that if the project is opened for the first time the temperature may not be very accurate and display with several degrees over or under the actual temperature, but in a maximum of 5 minutes it will detect the correct room temperature. Also, keep in mind the accuracy of the sensor is +-0.5 Celsius degree.

Another functionality is represented by 3 other games since you could get bored from time to time so the plant is joyful and ready to play with you. The project includes three games. To get into the game selection menu you will need to press the white button. BE AWARE that if you press the second button the project will shut down and need a restart. To navigate through the games please use the remote control buttons as controlling a TV. You have the option to go back if it happens to accidentally push the button.

**Guess ME:** This is the first game the plant is willing to play. This is a simple guessing game based 100% on luck. The first stage is choosing the level. Please be aware that depending on the chosen level the difficulty of choosing the correct answer will be higher since guessing the correct answer it will be available only 5 chances and the interval from where the number was chosen is bigger or lower depending on the chosen level. The advantage is that this game does not support negative values and the interval gets smaller after each guess.
If the user input is not in the specified interval then it will have 2 additional guesses to choose a number from the interval. If the number is still out of range then the user will lose one more try. At the end of the game, if the user did not manage to guess the number, it will be displayed so the user will know how close it was.
To choose the number the user can add or subtract one from the number displayed or simply type the number. The mp3Car remote contains 2 additional buttons +100 and +200 which add 100 or 200 to the current number.

**Smart Calculator** This game is based on pure mathematic abilities. The user can choose the level and the mathematical operation. Be aware that only subtraction has negative responses although you can enter negative numbers for all mathematical operations. The main goal of this game is to guess 10 mathematical operations correctly. Depending on the level of the numbers which will be applied the mathematical operation will be lower or higher. The mathematical operation will be chosen by the user. The number selection will work like in the previous game. The rules are simple. First of all, the user loses 1 point out of 10 if he tries 3 times the wrong answer. After losing one point the correct answer will be displayed. The game will end after the 10th operation is solved. At the end of the game, the score will be printed to the user.

**Hangman** This is a very usual game and its purpose is to guess one word letter by letter. Depending on the level it can have from 3 to 10 letter words. Also, the user can add up to 100 words for each dictionary. A dictionary in this scenario is a file with words. We have 7 available dictionaries depending on the number of letters contained in the word. Also, the user may delete some words from, the dictionary but it can not all the words as a safety measure. It must leave at least 10 words in each dictionary.
